hey guys welcome back to sparkly pink my
name is Michelle and I will tell school
and today we're going to be talking
about a new subscription service that we
have been subscribing to the last couple
of weeks it is a weekly subscription and
it has to do with food and we love Lou
as we learn you have been loving them
huh okay so these service is actually
called home chef I have one of the boxes
here we're going to get into that in a
moment I'm gonna unbox it show you how
it looks and it ships kind of jumping
ahead of myself here let's backtrack to
aisle we signed up about six weeks ago
Logan would lay to bed and he's like I
think I'm going to subscribe to the
service and I'm like yeah okay you don't
know anything about it we don't know
anybody on it what is it why would it
benefit us and basically to me it just
look like money was coming out of our
pocket we kind of did it on a whim and
we have been absolutely in love with
this service I'm not being paid to save
it I have not gotten any of this sent to
me review or sponsored or anything like
that we pay for it out of our own pocket
I do have a referral link down below I
do appreciate you using it as I get kind
of a kick back for you clicking through
there and subscribing if that's what you
decide to do and I also have a coupon
code for you to see thirty dollars off
your first order definitely worth
checking out if you like hearing all the
details that kind of go into it a little
bit further are you excited Wow alright
I will be showing you're going to be
showing something special over here
right okay we'll get to that in just a
moment okay feel like I'm all over the
place this is a weekly subscription
service and you receive fresh foods for
you to cook you also receive recipe
cards step-by-step instructions and the
food comes packed up perfectly with ice
packs and you know cushiony packaging
and we will get to that in a second the
point behind the service is that it
saves you from going to the grocery
store trying to be creative with your
recipes you know branching out and
trying new things it also eliminates
waste because you use everything that's
in the box for each individual like
recipe so you don't have any left
earth because we do subscribe to this
for two people so just Logan in myself I
do have two kids and I'll kind of get
into how we work that into our routine
here now we felt that this service would
benefit us because we found ourselves
going out to dinner several nights in
the week and I mean that rocks up you're
really not going out to dinner even just
for two people and getting out of there
under fifty bucks
it's just not going to happen and no huh
going to eat is expensive and it's not
healthy so the beauty of this today you
get the food you get to feel fancy like
you're a chef and cooking it yourself
because you have you know raw meats and
foods and things like that you're
chopping it up and cooking it yourself
why are you dancing around mmm because
we're excited this is a lot of fun
because the kids help me cook this on
each night so that's a really exciting
to you given your Lowell being a chef
and then you have a plate that comes to
the dinner table then oddly looks like a
restaurant made it but it tastes amazing
and it's all fresh and healthy generally
there are different diet restrictions
you could do on the website of your mom
you know being careful cards if you have
an allergy you can type that into the
little quiz and then it pops up just
recipes that will be good for you boots
and we're also helping your by intensive
help they are they are generally pretty
dang healthy there are some not so
healthy options and they're delicious
too but you definitely can go a more
vegetarian route or healthier route Oh
another thing I want to mention is most
of these can be done in 25 to 40 minutes
and it has that listed down here on the
bottom okay so we have calorie content
what else we have here we have the time
we have how many beans you need to make
it in we have whether it's easy
um intermediate or difficult I don't
think we've had a difficult one yeah I
think we've only had and even in this
batch told our easy level and then just
spice level is on the end and then
basically what you can expect in your
box again descriptions and
instructions and tutorials on the back
and they're all three-hole punch
darkening all right so we're eliminating
leftovers we're getting new recipes that
you haven't tried before or maybe you
have but is vamped up a little bit
different thing and how does the food
sent to you is saving you from running
off to the grocery store for all of your
evening meals I found myself having
difficulties getting creative with my
recipe idea towards the end of the night
I get home from work on tires i play eat
something or have something that's just
like idiot proof like hi make me and
this service does that for us so I was
speaking about the recipe card so be it
do you want to show us the binder and
we'll go into opening the box okay this
is your binders yeah so we went out and
got this binder and this holds all of
our recipe recipes so another cool thing
is they send you the recipe cards which
are a very thick shiny cardstock this
kind of goes over what these um there
will be and on the back and you show
your highness cookie you're right so
here you can see step-by-step
instructions a couple of pictorial and
then you get to hold on to this in a
binder if you want to or I love to hold
on to them something that was really
interesting that I found was open turf
is this recipe right here so the roasted
Tribune with lemon and herb compound
butter acorn squash and pine nuts I mean
doesn't that sound amazing this is just
one of the recipes that we have in here
and like I said little sidebar this is
how many we have in here we've been
doing this for quite a while now I have
never had a corn squash before I didn't
know how to make it no idea that it even
existed to be honest with you you know
I'm just not very cultured I disapprove
but I was able to try it with this
service and I actually went out to the
grocery store with the kids the other
day and while to acorn squashes and meet
them for dinner not only for ourselves
but for the case and they loved it
remember you helped me rub the honey on
it your hands are all sticky but it was
good huh why
really really good so that kind of got
us to branch out and try to ding then
there is the vegetable I mean it's
healthy right
you love it yeah yeah what I'm most
being really like with the honey on the
honey on them made it a little bit sweet
you'd be kind of like a coating huh Wow
but I honestly never would have I mean I
probably would have seen it on Pinterest
and I never would have taken the
initiative to make it myself so much fun
to share that little tidbit with you and
Molly can you open up that box let's do
it let's show them how it comes packaged
okay so it comes in a box like this I am
here on March my competition for time
sake I have not opened it all right so
right on top you can see there is some
sushi tapping let's see you want to pull
some stuff out there is a bunch
especially because we live in Arizona
there is a bunch of these ice packs some
of them are melted at this point because
I mean it's like five o'clock at night
and this was probably delivered earlier
this is went home hold it up
oh so strong bingo and why did you see
auctioneers like bubble wrap there's all
different kinds of wrapping around the
side and then the food is right in here
yeah okay let's pull out this now the
meal this time we got four meal up to
flemingsburg are real quick again sorry
I'm really bad at this
we typically order anywhere from three
to four meals now on to other days we
make something that's big enough to have
leftovers and we usually keep that look
at your face I'll show you a little bit
a second hold on what music better hold
on to you tonight we we make a big
dinner have leftovers for the kids on
for the next night so then Logan and I
need click to fancy your home chefs step
because some of the recipes the kids
with bacon will not eat so the how the
leftovers will make our home chef they
can eat maybe even at a different time
because we usually eat a little bit
later cuz Logan gets home late from work
but that is how we kind of get through
the week we make a couple of home meals
make a couple of home chef Neil
and go from there she is getting excited
do you want to tell them about this
that's my favorite one
yeah well we haven't tried this before
so it's not our favorite we don't know
just yet because that's another thing is
none of the recipes repeat for a whole
year on each week you kind of get to go
on to your phone app or on the computer
and you get to pick out what meals you
want to have a ride to your house and
which day to weekly works best for you
now we get our set up Friday I'm not
just kind of how it works best for us
and I'll get a notice that you can skip
a week and you can switch up the meal
and because none of them repeat there's
nine selections they have you choose so
lots of variety lots of menu choices but
this one you are getting good job this
is a Mother's Day special this one
actually is beads for four typically the
mean meal fee for 200 can double order
and get meals for preneur boy if you can
do that but this one is something we're
all going to get to enjoy it is
strawberry french toast
now they normally do not have breakfast
these sort of menu items is there more
dinner themed items but I saw this oh I
had to add it on there are you excited I
know I'm actually let's show them the
other recipes in a second but this is
how it comes packaged dish is these
strawberry malt French Toast Casserole
and as you can see it comes in an
individual bag with all of the recipe
items then I don't have anything to do
anything else other than cook it and it
is filled with the sticker with the item
name on it so then what I do is I put it
in the fridge um let's say it has a
selection with meat or anything like
that I'll put the meat underneath put it
bad on top put it in the fridge and then
I read the recipe cards on the fridge
door and then some of them have like a
70 shelf life somewhat on a 3d so I'll
kind of put the three days up top so
I'll pick those first five six seven and
so on hey arty well c'mon in you
enjoying it it's a family event now
alright let's show them without
forgetting this week Oh looks like we're
not something with butter you sweat it
and this is like whole fresh nothing's
ever frozen super nice this is the most
eco pork chop you want to find the
recipe card for that one we show them
the picture was at work when there's a
mojito pork chop I mean here's the guys
I'm going to make this dinner is gonna
look very similar to that I'm sure it
popped up a couple of pictures that I
think into meals that we pass throughout
this whole adventure and they are
seriously amazing hi we cannot have them
tonight that's for Mother's Day that's a
special I didn't see the Father's Day
special so be sure to click through to
the website and see what that's gonna be
because they loved guys it looks good
real good
okay what else do we have in here this
one is the sweet chicken lettuce wrap
okay so this one must have the butter
leaf lettuce with them my spoon I would
only know by looking at the recipe cards
if that's what those are going to look
like
that looks amazing and healthy and light
and they fill you up okay so that's not
a B when I first started doing this I
was looking at the like the bags a wrap
to be legit like this is one of the
meals and I'm sure there's meat at the
bottom to go with it because this is the
feta and herb crusted salmon but when I
looked at this kind of stuff like that
it is not going to fill me up like I am
a true American I'd like my big portion
but I am trying to like be more
conscientious conscientious of what I'm
eating and I have not found him yet no
correction there has been one meal and
it was like a taco meal that did not
fill me every single meal of these there
has been maybe a bite or two left and
I'm like whoo oh I want to finish it
because it's like it's amazing but I'm
not hungry
another one for this week is the pecan
pecan crusted chicken with barbecue
spice carrots that looks amazing
and I cannot wait to show you guys what
it looks like in real life I will likely
post a picture on social media or maybe
if I make it before I edit this video
I'll pop it in here
but let's look at the beat Sonny is
always at the bottom there's one more
ice box in there than how I know it is
the bottom and these ones at the bottom
are still hard so they're still frozen
which is really overly for me because
like I said we live in Arizona it's hot
attack outside and I worry about the
meat spoiling and acceptable and so it
does everything is fresh so we do have
is another cooling device pack or
reusable so we have checked a bunch of
these in the freezer out in the garage
for us to use when we go on vacations or
little trips like that all right
this here is the I stood for for the
Megiddo pork truck on see how it comes
just like wrapped up like that we have
one of the salmon fillets here like this
helps me out listen we have some
marinated population Brooke yeah looks
like there's another chicken and another
salmon so that is how everything is
packaged up last one is Kelly under
salmon it looks like a fish it does it's
got a skin still on but that's how I
keep the flavor huh yeah yeah you tell
me cook some of these meals mmm awesome
oh I feel like there might be something
I'm forgetting so be sure to ask me in
the comments down below um I also leave
any other details in the description box
I will do all Pauls ever video of us
cooking up with these recipes coming up
here shortly if that's even something
you want to see so be sure to give this
video a thumbs up if that is something
you want to see and comment down below
alright thank you guys so much for
watching be sure to follow us on
Facebook Twitter Instagram and snapchat
follow our blog it's sparkly pink bum
and we'll see you in our next video
Wow bye